# The Japanese Narrative
## Background
Many Japantowns have been subject to unfair eminent domain and target for redevelopment for financial purposes, causing only three Japantowns to be left in the U.S. This has caused many valuable history and personal stories to be completely erased with no traces. The San Jose Japantown is one of the remaining three Japantowns in the country. JAMsj is a museum in San Jose Japantown that exhibits artifacts and stories of Asian Americans, with an emphasis on the Japanese American narrative. With the museum being smaller than a lot of other Japanese museums like JANIM, voices have been raised whether they have been successful in representing the whole Japanese American experience.
## Main Objectives
We plan to preserve and uplift cultural memories related to San Jose Japantown as well as the Japanese American Museum of San Jose (JAMsj). We will survey Japanese Americans about their thoughts on JAMsj and if they want the museum to improve upon representing the entire Japanese American narrative. Our hope is that Japanese Americans will feel free to anonymously and openly express their thoughts, thus allowing the museum to understand the community’s priorities in preserving memory and improve its representation of the Japanese American narrative. With this project, JAMsj will be able to have a better grasp on what it is that will help them to improve their exhibitions and displays in their museum to encompass Japanese American history, memories, and identity. Our online survey will also provide JAMsj a tool that allows the neighborhood’s Japanese American community to share core memories about their community involvement that contributed to forming their JA identities. By creating an online tour and archiving their memories, we can uplift the experiences and memories of Japanese Americans, which have been suppressed by society and were not always highlighted within the community due to historical efforts of assimilation. 
## Future Uses
JAMsj can deepen their understanding of what they can do to better represent the narrative of the Japanese American in the museum, and to better accommodate the needs of members of the museum. The public can also look at some core memories associated within the neighborhood, leading to a deeper understanding of the general area
